How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the 
bug that was introduced?

Because of diff, I had very few lines of code to check for the typo.
This greatly helps in a situation where there are thousands of lines of 
code and a lot of changes exists from the previous version.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a 
more efficient programmer in the long term?

As a developer, I can keep track of my changes right from the beginning 
of the file and if required, I can go back to an older version with
ease.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to 
create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically 
saved, like Google Docs does?

Pros:
1. You can save a logical change.
2. Less and meaningful history.

Cons:
1. Forgetting a commit might be disastrous.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving 
multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat 
each file separately?

Git is a programming oriented version control system. So, it makes a lot
of sense for saving a snapshot of all the files at a particular point
of time. On the other hand, Google doc is mainly of for storing files. 
So, it is logical on their part to store the history of individual 
files rather than the snapshot of all the files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history 
of files?

git log shows all the commits with the commit message, author, date, 
commit key. On the other hand, git diff shows the exact difference between two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes 
that could break something?

Since version control keeps track of all the commits, I can always 
revert back to a previous commit and check for the changes thereon. As 
a developer it instills confidence that I have the full history of all 
the commits and makes my life easier. 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using 
Git for?

I want to play with git on a dummy project like a simple dummy website 
to learn more about it. 